Mainnet genesis (#4612)
massalabs/massa: README.md

- [Lots of documentation](https://docs.massa.net), from [web3 development](https://docs.massa.net/docs/build/home)
  to [Massa's architecture](https://docs.massa.net/docs/learn/home).

## Become a node runner

With decentralization as a core value, we've gone to great lengths to lower the barrier of entry for community

> participation in our community testnet, and we [invite you to join in](https://docs.massa.net/docs/node/home) by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participation in our mainnet, and we [invite you to join in](https://docs.massa.net/docs/node/home) by
```

maybe ?
